Specify SQUIT (#117)
ircdocs/modern-irc: index.md

    <p>NOTE: The <tt>KILL</tt> message is weird, and I need to look at it more closely, add some examples, etc.</p>
</div>

### SQUIT message

         Command: SQUIT
      Parameters: <server> <comment>

> The SQUIT command is available only to operators.  It is used to disconnect server links.
> 
> The `<comment>` SHOULD be supplied by all operators who execute a SQUIT for a remote server.

Reviewer: Simplifies the first paragraph, and mentions how this command acts in a traditional spanning-tree topology. I know that how servers act in S2S isn't something we wanna specify or mention, but here it makes sense since this is a command that deals with S2S links.

Insp has mentioned that they wanna do this for v4 (rather than their current [`SQUIT` vs `RSQUIT` split](https://docs.inspircd.org/3/modules/spanningtree/#commands)) so we should be fine writing this here.

```suggestion
The `SQUIT` command disconnects a server from the network. `SQUIT` is a privileged command and is only available to IRC Operators. `<comment>` is the reason why the server link is being disconnected.

In a traditional spanning-tree topology, the command gets forwarded to the specified server. And the link between the specified server and the last server to propagate the command gets broken.
```

    <p>NOTE: The <tt>KILL</tt> message is weird, and I need to look at it more closely, add some examples, etc.</p>
</div>

### SQUIT message

         Command: SQUIT
      Parameters: <server> <comment>

The SQUIT command is available only to operators.  It is used to disconnect server links.

The `<comment>` SHOULD be supplied by all operators who execute a SQUIT for a remote server.

> The server ordered to disconnect its peer generates a [`WALLOPS` message ](#wallops-message) with `<comment>` included, so that other users may be aware of the reason of this action.

Reviewer 2: Is this relevant anymore? I don't think we do this at the least.

Author: Indeed, thx
